index.md, before:

---
layout: default
#title: Home
#permalink: /
---

{::options parse_block_html="true" /}

<div about="http://karlhammar.com/#karl" id="karl">

![Karl Hammar](http://karlhammar.com/images/karl.jpg){: rel="foaf:img"}

I am a lecturer in computer technologies at [Jönköping University](http://ju.se/){: rel="foaf:workplaceHomepage"}, where I develop and manage the [Software Engineering and Mobile Platforms](http://ju.se/jth/utbildning/ingenjorsprogram/mjukvaruutveckling-och-mobila-plattformar.html) bachelor program. I'm also a PhD student, with a research interest in Ontology Design Patterns for the Semantic Web. My research questions concern what qualities these patterns need to display in order to be useful in different ontology engineering scenarios, a problem which is studied from both technical and a usability-oriented perspectives.

Karlhammar.com is my personal web page, which I update occasionally but not overly frequently. It holds various things that I am involved in that may also be of interest to others.

</div>

Commit message:

Updated web page after PhD
Removed mentions of being a PhD student.

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
#title: Home
#permalink: /
---

{::options parse_block_html="true" /}

<div about="http://karlhammar.com/#karl" id="karl">

![Karl Hammar](http://karlhammar.com/images/karl.jpg){: rel="foaf:img"}

I am a lecturer in computer technologies at [Jönköping University](http://ju.se/){: rel="foaf:workplaceHomepage"}, where I develop and manage the [Software Engineering and Mobile Platforms](http://ju.se/jth/utbildning/ingenjorsprogram/mjukvaruutveckling-och-mobila-plattformar.html) bachelor program. I'm also a computer science researcher, focusing on Ontology Design Patterns for the Semantic Web. My research concerns methods and tools for usefully employing such patterns in different ontology engineering scenarios, a problem which is studied from both technical and a usability-oriented perspectives.

Karlhammar.com is my personal web page, which I update occasionally but not overly frequently. It holds various things that I am involved in that may also be of interest to others.

</div>
